very good to all the sun here I bring you
a new guide this time from pvp
structured as you see my character has
given a quite important change in
comparison with previous videos that
it looked like he was dressed in any
thing and basically this guide I'm going to
use to explain how he has
happened this because I have already found
a lot of people that are not good that I
asks what color where did the
armor italy what the first thing that
you have to keep in mind is that
As you go up in level, you are going
giving some chests those chests contain
and I suppose some of you
you have thrown even the objects because
it did not work what you have to do
next when you have items or
You save or directly buy a
recycling kit the npc from here of the
of the glory merchants buy a
pp recycling kit that costs 100 d
of glory and breaks them unfortunately
right now I do not have any and I have here
to break so good everyone says it
that you have with the recycling point a
pullover breaking that will come out
I have that I have up here let's see
can not get out dust that would be a
base component or tournament vouchers
free that is with which this is done
tier or deer or deer ticket is
because they have the true range
right now what
that goes from 10 to 19 that is from 1 to
9 will be rabbit and so on
apart from these two things you will need
two plus one of them is bought
also here in the merchant east of
justice on the second tab and here
you have the vouchers of each piece that
ye ar you want to grade grade ar
an armor like the case that I'm going to
put then nothing will come here coat
in my case it is the heavy one as you give it
heavy coat and shopping
then the last material that makes us
lack can be an orb or a crystal that
I do not have or a chip according to royalty
that you put in the mystic forge because
all this is towards the mystic force that
there is here according to the rarity that you put
will come out one set or another is supposed to
The more oddities, the cooler
the set in this case we will use it
a splinter of an armor but for
that you see portman uses a splinter
you just have to come here to the
mystic forge you put the elite dance
that you want to please
I do not know why it's not going
let's see what I did not get the video
ok now you put here and you have
put the powder base of this one you put
I will put for free for example and
you put a splinter in the case of
you have to give and forge and it is assumed that
have to follow the apocalypto yes
here is here you have the che
apocalypse to put an orb it will come out
another thing will come out another item other others is
different that you put a crystal then
others it is different that you put the splinter
with the powder with deer voucher
the set will come out as it were between
quotes from that deer range and so
successively it does not have more mystery
do the same with the weapons equal
You buy the weapon ticket
splinter or crystal orb together with the
dust and the vale
the tournament ticket of the rank in which
you are and forge it and then it will come out
I say it's usually that the more
rarity the goal I say if he got him
a splinter then one more item will come out and
Well, better and nothing was all that
I had to say I hope that I have
served those who do not know how
forge the new skin within the pp
structured and I hope it has served
it's been a pleasure thank you for the video and
see you next until after